README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://scimmyjs.github.io" target="_blank">
    <img alt="SCIMMY" src="https://scimmyjs.github.io/static/assets/logo.svg" width="512" />
  </a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/scimmyjs/scimmy/actions/workflows/ci.yml" target="_blank"><img alt="Unit Test Status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/scimmyjs/scimmy/ci.yml?branch=main&style=flat&logo=mocha&label=unit%20tests"></a>
  <a href="https://coveralls.io/github/scimmyjs/scimmy?branch=main" target="_blank"><img alt="Coverage Status" src="https://img.shields.io/coverallsCoverage/github/scimmyjs/scimmy?branch=main&style=flat&logo=coveralls"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/sponsors/scimmyjs" target="_blank"><img alt="GitHub Sponsors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/scimmyjs?style=flat&logo=githubsponsors"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/scimmyjs/scimmy/blob/1e51643ba4c224b5619aaa6732de1f414b9ceaf6/LICENSE.md" target="_blank"><img alt="GitHub License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/scimmyjs/scimmy?style=flat"></a>
</p>

# SCIMMY - SCIM m(ade eas)y

SCIM 2.0 (System for Cross-domain Identity Management) is a set of standards ([RFC7643](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7643) and [RFC7644](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7644))
designed to simplify resource provisioning and identity management in cloud-based applications and services.
SCIMMY aims to make it easier to rapidly implement code that sends and receives data conforming to these standards.
It does this by providing a set of tools that can be used to parse incoming, and format outgoing data according to these standards.

##### Requirements

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) v16+ with NPM 7+

## Installation and Usage

Through NPM:

```
$ npm install scimmy
```

In your code:

```js
import SCIMMY from "scimmy";

// Basic usage with provided resource type implementations
SCIMMY.Resources.declare(SCIMMY.Resources.User)
    .ingress((resource, data) => {/* Your handler for creating or modifying user resources */})
    .egress((resource) => {/* Your handler for retrieving user resources */})
    .degress((resource) => {/* Your handler for deleting user resources */});

// Advanced usage with custom resource type implementations
SCIMMY.Resources.declare(class MyResourceType extends SCIMMY.Types.Resource {
    read() {/* Your handler for retrieving resources */}
    write(data) {/* Your handler for creating or modifying resources */}
    dispose() {/* Your handler for deleting resources */}
    /* ...the rest of your resource type implementation */
});
```

##### Questions

* **Why use SCIMMY instead of some other SCIM-related package?**
  * Many of the SCIM-related packages available seem to target specific cloud services like GitHub,
    act as API bridges, or only implement certain parts of the spec (like [SCIM-PATCH](https://www.npmjs.com/package/scim-patch)
    or [scim2-parse-filter](https://www.npmjs.com/package/scim2-parse-filter)). That's all well and good, but
    SCIMMY aims to implement the entire spec and integrate the protocol directly into your code.
  * As retrieval/consumption of resources from your data model is left up to you to implement, you should be able to
    use other SCIM-related packages in conjunction with SCIMMY!

* **Will this work with cloud service X/Y/Z?**
  * Hopefully, but if not, feel free to open an issue with details of the cloud service you are integrating with.
    SCIMMY has been tested against Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure AD), which didn't appear to have any issues.

* **What about the actual SCIM protocol HTTP endpoints?**
  * That's up to you, as we can't be sure exactly how you'd like to integrate SCIM in your code,
    however we have provided a package with express middleware which uses SCIMMY to implement the endpoints, called [SCIMMY Routers](https://github.com/scimmyjs/scimmy-routers)

## API

SCIMMY exports a singleton class which provides the following interfaces:

* `SCIMMY.Config`
  * SCIM Service Provider Configuration container store.
* `SCIMMY.Types`
  * SCIMMY classes for implementing schemas and resource types.
* `SCIMMY.Messages`
  * Implementations of non-resource SCIM "message" schemas, such as ListResponse and PatchOp.
* `SCIMMY.Schemas`
  * Container store for declaring and retrieving schemas implemented by a service provider.
  * Also provides access to bundled schema implementations of [SCIM Core Resource Schemas](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7643#section-4).
* `SCIMMY.Resources`
  * Container store for declaring and retrieving resource types implemented by a service provider.
  * Also provides access to bundled resource type implementations of [SCIM Core Resource Types](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7643#section-4).

For more details on how to use SCIMMY, [visit the documentation](https://scimmyjs.github.io).

Commit message:

Chore(README): add more prominent callout to scimmy-routers package

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://scimmyjs.github.io" target="_blank">
    <img alt="SCIMMY" src="https://scimmyjs.github.io/static/assets/logo.svg" width="512" />
  </a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/scimmyjs/scimmy/actions/workflows/ci.yml" target="_blank"><img alt="Unit Test Status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/scimmyjs/scimmy/ci.yml?branch=main&style=flat&logo=mocha&label=unit%20tests"></a>
  <a href="https://coveralls.io/github/scimmyjs/scimmy?branch=main" target="_blank"><img alt="Coverage Status" src="https://img.shields.io/coverallsCoverage/github/scimmyjs/scimmy?branch=main&style=flat&logo=coveralls"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/sponsors/scimmyjs" target="_blank"><img alt="GitHub Sponsors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/scimmyjs?style=flat&logo=githubsponsors"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/scimmyjs/scimmy/blob/1e51643ba4c224b5619aaa6732de1f414b9ceaf6/LICENSE.md" target="_blank"><img alt="GitHub License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/scimmyjs/scimmy?style=flat"></a>
</p>

# SCIMMY - SCIM m(ade eas)y

SCIM 2.0 (System for Cross-domain Identity Management) is a set of standards ([RFC7643](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7643) and [RFC7644](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7644))
designed to simplify resource provisioning and identity management in cloud-based applications and services.
SCIMMY aims to make it easier to rapidly implement code that sends and receives data conforming to these standards.
It does this by providing a set of tools that can be used to parse incoming, and format outgoing data according to these standards.

> Want to use SCIMMY to quickly implement the SCIM protocol HTTP endpoints in express?  
> **Check out the [SCIMMY Routers](https://github.com/scimmyjs/scimmy-routers) middleware package!**

##### Requirements

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) v16+ with NPM 7+

## Installation and Usage

Through NPM:

```
$ npm install scimmy
```

In your code:

```js
import SCIMMY from "scimmy";

// Basic usage with provided resource type implementations
SCIMMY.Resources.declare(SCIMMY.Resources.User)
    .ingress((resource, data) => {/* Your handler for creating or modifying user resources */})
    .egress((resource) => {/* Your handler for retrieving user resources */})
    .degress((resource) => {/* Your handler for deleting user resources */});

// Advanced usage with custom resource type implementations
SCIMMY.Resources.declare(class MyResourceType extends SCIMMY.Types.Resource {
    read() {/* Your handler for retrieving resources */}
    write(data) {/* Your handler for creating or modifying resources */}
    dispose() {/* Your handler for deleting resources */}
    /* ...the rest of your resource type implementation */
});
```

##### Questions

* **Why use SCIMMY instead of some other SCIM-related package?**
  * Many of the SCIM-related packages available seem to target specific cloud services like GitHub,
    act as API bridges, or only implement certain parts of the spec (like [SCIM-PATCH](https://www.npmjs.com/package/scim-patch)
    or [scim2-parse-filter](https://www.npmjs.com/package/scim2-parse-filter)). That's all well and good, but
    SCIMMY aims to implement the entire spec and integrate the protocol directly into your code.
  * As retrieval/consumption of resources from your data model is left up to you to implement, you should be able to
    use other SCIM-related packages in conjunction with SCIMMY!

* **Will this work with cloud service X/Y/Z?**
  * Hopefully, but if not, feel free to open an issue with details of the cloud service you are integrating with.
    SCIMMY has been tested against Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure AD), which didn't appear to have any issues.

* **What about the actual SCIM protocol HTTP endpoints?**
  * That's up to you, as we can't be sure exactly how you'd like to integrate SCIM in your code,
    however we have provided a package with express middleware which uses SCIMMY to implement the endpoints, called [SCIMMY Routers](https://github.com/scimmyjs/scimmy-routers)

## API

SCIMMY exports a singleton class which provides the following interfaces:

* `SCIMMY.Config`
  * SCIM Service Provider Configuration container store.
* `SCIMMY.Types`
  * SCIMMY classes for implementing schemas and resource types.
* `SCIMMY.Messages`
  * Implementations of non-resource SCIM "message" schemas, such as ListResponse and PatchOp.
* `SCIMMY.Schemas`
  * Container store for declaring and retrieving schemas implemented by a service provider.
  * Also provides access to bundled schema implementations of [SCIM Core Resource Schemas](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7643#section-4).
* `SCIMMY.Resources`
  * Container store for declaring and retrieving resource types implemented by a service provider.
  * Also provides access to bundled resource type implementations of [SCIM Core Resource Types](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7643#section-4).

For more details on how to use SCIMMY, [visit the documentation](https://scimmyjs.github.io).
